really we were just kind of playing in a
normal wedding mm-hmm
April 18 sounded perfect and
life changed yeah you know we found out
that she had a brain tumor and they used
words like two to four weeks to pull it
out and they're just gonna turn to me
after that he said I want you to be my
wife before you go into the surgery
because I want to be able to take care
of you because nobody else is going to
take care of you and you said yes again
mm-hmm absolutely
mmm without me yes hello
so a week and a half later ten days
later here we are
we had one night where we just had a
houseful women show up my mom made the
table runner originally had planned to
cater but ten days yeah
and just really even the financial
aspect of it and he said well what if we
just did a potluck and I was kind of
excited about it
just the thought of everybody preparing
and this is what we want to make and you
know really come putting that love into
it
we both decided going into it that at
the end of the day as long as we're
married then nothing else matters so
here we are for marry nothing else
matters though except the power we've
got to have our pecan pie
daran
I wasn't ready to meet you when I did
thankfully God stepped in he gifted you
to me to be the man who would become the
protector of my heart and mind who would
ask to marry me sooner to ensure you are
also the protector of my health
I was set on such a strange path and
baby you saved me
with you am I better man I'm a much
better man with you
you brought God into our lives together
to your parents
I say thank you praising them in it
stands before me undo your children I
say thank you for accepting me into your
lives
I know blending families isn't always
easy
and I appreciate the Welcome that you've
shown me I will love and respect your
kids I will always try to be the man
that will make you proud
and I'll always strive to lead us God to
me I bring you love that won't end this
has nothing to do with in health and
sick and that's us part this is I just
love you I'll always take care of you
I'll never stop
the night we should have had our first
official date out I was sick with a
fever and you insisted on coming over
and taking care of me we didn't have to
and as I wrote this and I recall that
night I realized it was a prophecy of
things to come and it's emotionally
overwhelming
we just pray in the name of Jesus EU
just buying this couple and the power of
the vowels our God but we just asked for
a rich blessing extended over there
whoever it is pray for healing in the
name of Jesus Christ over all sickness
and infirmity or God that you would give
them power you would give them wisdom
and discernment in the days of had that
they would be an example of praise and
of worship and of looking to you in all
things
you ground me you love the crazy mess
that I am
you love my babies before you even met
them and when my mind gets lost in
itself you help me find my way out
and somehow you made it so that this
stubborn independent girl suddenly
couldn't function without you by her
side
God has shown us a lot about his timing
in the last six months and especially in
the last 10 days and the fact that we
have over 120 people there here tonight
we have friends who have drone across
the country flew in from Hawaii just to
be here in such a you know such short
notice we are blessed beyond measure
with people who loved and supported some
lift us up and that's amazing it was
just them anything to me
you